README.md, before:

# Toc Messenger

VERY ROUGH DRAFT:

An Instant Messaging platform that respects its users.

Designed to protect your privacy. Distributed contact discovery using Bittorrent DHT, end-to-end encrypted message transport using Telehash, allowing you to opt-out of mass surveillance by completely bypassing centralized servers, optional, encrypted, federated user data storage using remotestorage.io.

Designed to preserve your sanity. User-friendly interface, available on all clients, mobile, web, and desktop, all the features you'd expect to see on a modern instant messaging application (multimedia communications, message history, simultaneous login, pseudo offline messaging).

Designed to pave a way towards a better future for messaging applications. Fully open source implementation, well-documented message protocol and data format, designed to be interoperable from the start.

## Contributing
TODO. See [lewisl9029/toc-env](https://github.com/lewisl9029/toc-env) for details.

## License
TBD. Probably some form of GPL

Commit message:

Added AGPL license file and mentioned in readme

README.md, after:

# Toc Messenger

VERY ROUGH DRAFT:

An Instant Messaging platform that respects its users.

Designed to protect your privacy. Distributed contact discovery using Bittorrent DHT, end-to-end encrypted message transport using Telehash, allowing you to opt-out of mass surveillance by completely bypassing centralized servers, optional, encrypted, federated user data storage using remotestorage.io.

Designed to preserve your sanity. User-friendly interface, available on all clients, mobile, web, and desktop, all the features you'd expect to see on a modern instant messaging application (multimedia communications, message history, simultaneous login, pseudo offline messaging).

Designed to pave a way towards a better future for messaging applications. Fully open source implementation, well-documented message protocol and data format, designed to be interoperable from the start.

## Contributing
TODO. See [lewisl9029/toc-env](https://github.com/lewisl9029/toc-env) for details.

## License
```
Copyright (C) 2015 Qi Liu

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
